README.md, before:

| Name | State | Primary technology | Description |
|-|-|-|-|
| [Crypt of the Neurodancer](https://github.com/Kloppie5/Crypt-of-the-Neurodancer) | Always in the back of my mind | C# | Memory reading bot for Crypt of the Necrodancer |
| MHWOverlay | Somewhat working | C# | Memory reading informational overlay for Monster Hunter World |
| [Project Robit](https://github.com/Kloppie5/Project-Robit) | Sometimes adding new things | Node.js | Personal Discord bot for miscellaneous tasks |
| [TT2 Optimizer](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u1NEIueh5uc6IEWmLc8rIIRmlfcwyJfRzqnYSRAjDgA/edit?usp=sharing) | Google Sheet | Keeping up to date | Optimizer for Tap Titans 2 |
| CTT | Planned | - | Client-server dungeons and dragons tabletop simulator |
| Project Exploration | Planned | - | Reverse engineering and process automation tool |
| - | Completed | x86 Assembly | Brainfuck interpreter |
| Clashing Skies | Completed | Java | Asteroids clone |
| - | Completed | GDScript | Gamification project for TATA Steel Europe under non-disclosure |
| Grappler | Completed | GML | Asteroids, but with a grappling hook and slinging instead of shooting |
| - | Completed | Scala | Java interpreter |
| JPac-Man | Completed | Java | Pac-Man clone |
| hexbot-random-walk | Completed | JavaScript | NOOPS Challenge: Hexbot; A random walk using hue and saturation of random colors |
| Nerve | Completed | C# | Perception Neuron MOCAP Unity Plugin |
| - | Completed | C++ | Raytracer |
| RIB | Completed | C++ | Image feature detection part for bipedal ROS line follower |
| TwoBrains | Completed | Java | Tinder-like study partner finder |
| UTBot | Completed | Prolog | Unreal Tournament 3 multi-agent bot |
| - | Abandoned | C | osu beatmap difficulty analyzer |
| - | Abandoned | x86 Assembly | Tetris clone |

Commit message:

Added MHW Savefile Merger and Minijava compiler

README.md, after:

| Name | State | Primary technology | Description |
|-|-|-|-|
| [Crypt of the Neurodancer](https://github.com/Kloppie5/Crypt-of-the-Neurodancer) | Always in the back of my mind | C# | Memory reading bot for Crypt of the Necrodancer |
| MHWOverlay | Partially abandoned | C# | Memory reading informational overlay for Monster Hunter World |
| [MHW Savefile Merger](https://github.com/Kloppie5/MHW-savefile-merger) | Mapping regions | C# | Savefile merger for Monster Hunter World |
| [Project Robit](https://github.com/Kloppie5/Project-Robit) | Sometimes adding new things | Node.js | Personal Discord bot for miscellaneous tasks |
| [TT2 Optimizer](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u1NEIueh5uc6IEWmLc8rIIRmlfcwyJfRzqnYSRAjDgA/edit?usp=sharing) | Google Sheet | Keeping up to date | Optimizer for Tap Titans 2 |
| Minijava compiler | Writing type constraints | Spoofax | Playing around with the Spoofax Language Workbench by writing a full compiler for Minijava | 
| CTT | Planned | - | Client-server dungeons and dragons tabletop simulator |
| Project Exploration | Planned | - | Reverse engineering and process automation tool |
| - | Completed | x86 Assembly | Brainfuck interpreter |
| Clashing Skies | Completed | Java | Asteroids clone |
| - | Completed | GDScript | Gamification project for TATA Steel Europe under non-disclosure |
| Grappler | Completed | GML | Asteroids, but with a grappling hook and slinging instead of shooting |
| - | Completed | Scala | Java interpreter |
| JPac-Man | Completed | Java | Pac-Man clone |
| hexbot-random-walk | Completed | JavaScript | NOOPS Challenge: Hexbot; A random walk using hue and saturation of random colors |
| Nerve | Completed | C# | Perception Neuron MOCAP Unity Plugin |
| - | Completed | C++ | Raytracer |
| RIB | Completed | C++ | Image feature detection part for bipedal ROS line follower |
| TwoBrains | Completed | Java | Tinder-like study partner finder |
| UTBot | Completed | Prolog | Unreal Tournament 3 multi-agent bot |
| - | Abandoned | C | osu beatmap difficulty analyzer |
| - | Abandoned | x86 Assembly | Tetris clone |
